i want you to find all of the dialog in the game that is ai written, i need to inspect and delete or replace them because they
				all sound terrible. there will only be dialog in this game that is supplied by me, if you need to add dialog during a task that 
				neccesary to proceed but hasnt been approved then just flag it in the report and request review for rewite by me , so pretty much 
				let me know if there is some dialog that needs my attention so i can write it. 
				also we need to add-on to when npcs ask you a question you can chose to resond with a dialog tree system
				i will provide you with the dialogs below , in the format of Q= question A= answer R= response
				these dialog options should be tracked so that they wont repeat during a playthrough but should be assigned to npcs at random in a way (spaced out)
				certain dialogs will require the player to give the npc an item or even receive an item from the npc. every time a player discovers one of these dialogs
				and completes it they should be awarded some experience points.
				
							Q: How long you been traveling?
							A1: Im just getting started
							A2: Many moons friend, we've came a long way
							A3: Too long...
							R1: Well good luck to ya then
							R2: Well stay safe then, I'm sure you'll get there soon
							R3: I know how you feel
							
							Q:What's it like out in the wastes?
							A1: It's not as bad as they say
							A2: Beautiful but I wouldn't go out there if I were you
							A3: I've seen many a'good critter die out there
							R1: Well they say it's extremly dangerous so...
							R2: I believe that for sure 
							R3: Geez but ok...
							
							
							Q:Mind if i ask why you're going west?
							A1: Looking for my family 
							A2: Trying to make the wastes a better place
							A3: I have my reasons 
							R1: I hope you find them
							R2: I believe we can one good deed at a time 
							R3: Fine then keep your secrets
							
							Q:What's your biggest worry out there?
							A1: The mean critters that try and get you
							A2: Running out of reasources out there
							A3: Giving up hope... 
							R1: Oh gosh yes, my advice don't let them get you 
							R2: Definently, gotta stock up  
							R3: Well the world was supposed to end but we are still here...
							
							Q:What weapon do you like the most?
							A1: Melee weapons are my thing 
							A2: Bows and guns are my specialty 
							A3: I keep a mixed bag of tricks
							R1: Yeah i bet you mash em good 
							R2: Out of reach of danger i hope  
							R3: Ready for anything i like it 
							
							Q:Got any food i can get?
							A1: Yeah here you go friend (gives 2 food from storage)
							A2: Yea, you hungry? I can get you somethin to drink too (gives 2 food and 1 water from storage)
							A3: I can't spare anything right now  
							R1: Oh nice that looks yummy
							R2: You bet I am, and yes please that would be delightful 
							R3: I understand...I'm sorry 
							
							Q:How did the world get like this?
							A1: Greed and war i'd guess...  
							A2: Well the Great Flash was bombs real big ones
							A3: There were many than didn't stand up to the few....
							R1: Look how far that got them
							R2: Oh my, that explains the mean critters 
							R3: What's that even mean?
							
							Q:Hey i've got some spare ammo, what kind you using?
							A1: I use alot of .22 long rifle  
							A2: I need 9mm pretty badly
							A3: I'll take whatever you get honestly  
							R1: Yeah that's a popular cartridge round these parts (gives 20  .22lr ammo)
							R2: Classic yea i think ive got some here (gives 10  .9mm ammo)
							R3: Here take this bucket then, it's mixed but all still good (gives 15 cartridges of a random assortment of calibers)
							
							Q:Are you hurt?
							A1: I'm fine actually thank you tho  
							A2: Only small wounds I should be fine...
							A3: I'm wounded pretty bad yeah...
							R1: Good i hope you stay that way
							R2: Here this should help (gives low level healing item)
							R3: Oh my goodness, bless your heart  (gives high level healing item)
							
							Q:How come some critters don't talk and walk?
							A1: The great flash left only critters, but not all of them changed.  
							A2: Mutations from radiation varied by proximity to where the bombs hit
							A3: That's how critters used to be, all of us...  
							R1: I wonder why we made it....
							R2: Im glad we're some of the nice ones 
							R3: They seem to be more at peace than us...
							
							
							Q:Do you think it's wrong to hurt those mean critters?
							A1: Yes it's always wrong to hurt others...
							A2: Although it's wrong, I'm not usually given a choice
							A3: No....I've seen them do things you couldn't imagine  
							R1: Yeah i guess you're right...
							R2: That's a tough position to be in...
							R3: I was afraid you'd say something like that...
							
							
							Q:Where do you think those sludges came from?
							A1: The great flash left the cities deep in sludge...
							A2: Nuclear waste pretty much, severely mutated some critters 
							A3: All that matters is that we end thier suffering   
							R1: How long has it been since then...
							R2: I feel so sorry for them...
							R3: That's kinda dark but i understand...
							
							
							Q:Why go west in the first place?
							A1: All the critters are heading that way...
							A2: Most of the fallout is in the east so critters have been moving west for ages now 
							A3: I hear critters are rebuilding out there, making it safe 
							R1: Yeah i know but that doesn't answer my question...
							R2: Is that why they call it the sickness of the east...
							R3: Wow really? that'd really be somethin wouldn't it...